c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\bin\Debug\Project 2.exe.config
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\bin\Debug\Project 2.exe
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\bin\Debug\Project 2.pdb
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2.g.resources
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project_2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2.exe
c:\users\christian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2.pdb
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Project 2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\bin\Debug\Final Project.exe.config
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\bin\Debug\Final Project.exe
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\bin\Debug\Final Project.pdb
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Final Project_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Final Project_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Final Project.g.resources
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\FinalProject.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Final Project.exe
C:\Users\chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project 2\Project 2\obj\Debug\Final Project.pdb
